zigbee: osif: Add variant for incomplete platforms (#6009)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Zigbee
------

* Added:

  * Zigbee timer implementation, based on the Zephyr system time.

>     This timer implementation is enabled by default in NCP sample and while using ZBOSS development libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This timer implementation is enabled by default in the :ref:`Zigbee NCP sample <zigbee_ncp_sample>` and when using ZBOSS development libraries.
```

>   * Kconfig option to set the number of ZBOSS NVRAM virtual pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ZIGBEE_NVRAM_PAGE_COUNT` Kconfig option to set the number of ZBOSS NVRAM virtual pages.
```

  * RAM-based ZBOSS NVRAM implementation.

>     This implementation must not be used in production. It is meant to be used only for debugging purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This implementation must not be used in production.
    It is meant to be used only for debugging purposes.
```
